Excision of limbal dermoids. We reviewed the clinical files of 10 patients who had undergone excision of unilateral epibulbar limbal dermoids. Preoperatively, all of the affected eyes had worse visual acuity (P less than .02) and more astigmatism (P less than .01) than the contralateral eyes. Postoperatively, every patient was cosmetically improved. Of the eight patients for whom both preoperative and postoperative visual acuity measurements had been obtained, in six it had changed minimally (less than or equal to 1 line), and in two it had improved (less than or equal to 2 lines). Surgical complications included persistent epithelial defects (40%) and peripheral corneal vascularization and opacity (70%). These complications do not outweigh the cosmetic and visual benefits of dermoid excision in selected patients. Bell's palsy. A diagnosis of exclusion. In cases of acute unilateral facial weakness, a careful and systematic evaluation is necessary to identify the cause. Idiopathic facial paralysis (Bell's palsy) is a diagnosis of exclusion. It is also the most common cause of unilateral facial weakness seen by primary care physicians. The most important aspect of initial treatment is eye protection. Administration of systemic oral corticosteroids may lessen severity and duration of symptoms. Retained endobronchial foreign body removal facilitated by steroid therapy of an obstructing, inflammatory polyp. Oral and topical steroids were used to induce regression in an inflammatory, obstructing endobronchial polyp caused by a retained foreign body. The FB (a peanut half), which had been present for over six months, was then able to be easily and bloodlessly retrieved with fiberoptic bronchoscopy. Recurrent buccal space abscesses: a complication of Crohn's disease. A patient is described with generalized gastrointestinal involvement by Crohn's disease. Symptoms of recurrent ulceration and mucosal tags are well-described oral manifestations of Crohn's disease; however, in our patient recurrent facial abscesses, which required extraoral drainage, also developed. This complication has not previously been reported. Intracranial fibromatosis. Fibromatoses are uncommon infiltrative lesions affecting musculoaponeurotic structures, most often of the limbs and trunk. Lesions involving the cranial cavity are rare and require the same aggressive surgical management as elsewhere in the body. This case illustrates their clinical and neuroradiological features and underscores the necessity for aggressive resection to avoid recurrence. The literature is reviewed. The effect of intrathecal morphine on somatosensory evoked potentials in awake humans.